README updates (#49)
ETSInitiative/PETSIRD: python/README.pypi.md

# PETSIRD Python SDK

The [Emission Tomography Standardization Initiative (ETSI)](https://etsinitiative.org/)

> is working towards establishing a standard for PET Raw Data, called PETSIRD ("Positron Emission Tomography Standardization Initiative Raw Data").

Reviewer: I wish we could standardise on en-GB :sweat_smile:

# PETSIRD Python SDK

The [Emission Tomography Standardization Initiative (ETSI)](https://etsinitiative.org/)

> is working towards establishing a standard for PET Raw Data, called PETSIRD ("PET ETSI Raw Data").

Author: ```suggestion
is working towards establishing a standard for PET Raw Data, called PETSIRD ("Positron Emission Tomography Standardization Initiative Raw Data").
```
